Add dependency note re. linting (#5466)
treeverse/lakeFS: docs/contributing.md

make test
```

Check that linting rules are passing. 

```shell
make checks-validator
```

> You will need diffutils to run this. On the Mac it can be installed with `brew install diffutils`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need GNU diff to run this. On the macOS it can be installed with `brew install diffutils`
```
